Special abilities august 2021 (#25)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/main-rules/pages/roll-dice-and-add-combat-bonuses.adoc

= CC3. Make the combat resolution roll

.Combat resolution roll
Both players: Roll a D6 and add your close combat bonuses to the result.

* The player with the highest total score wins the combat.

> * If the total scores are the same then the outcome hangs in the balance! Place one Blast marker on every detachment in the combat and then *roll again*.

Reviewer: There's an implicit step here, given that the Blast markers in a draw can change the balance of the combat. I think that we should make it explicit:

```suggestion
* If the total scores are the same then the outcome hangs in the balance!
Place one Blast marker on every detachment in the combat, and then proceed again from xref:work-out-close-combat-bonuses.adoc[].
```

Author: Looks good to me.
